W-11493301 document datagraph UI errors (#96)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-datagraph: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshoot-schemas-queries.adoc

....
{
  {
    "errors": [
        {
            "message": "Exception while fetching data (/ordersById) : Error 429 executing request.",
            "locations": [
                {
                    "line": 2,
                    "column": 3
                }
            ],
            "path": [
                "ordersById"
            ],
            "extensions": {
                "httpResponse": {
                    "statusCode": 429,
                    "xHeaders": {
                      "x-ratelimit-limit": 10
                      "x-ratelimit-remaining": 0 
                      "x-ratelimit-reset": 41827 
                      "x-xss-protection": "1; mode=block"
                  },
                  "contentType": "application/json",
                  "body": {
                    "error": "Quota has been exceeded" 
                  }
                },
               "classification": "DataFetchingException"
....

An exception while fetching data error occurs when the unified schema can't connect to its underlying APIs.

To troubleshoot this error, ensure that:

. The underlying APIs are running.

> . The URL provided for each APIs is correct. Go to *List of APIs added* > Select an API > *API details*, and confirm the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The URL provided for each API is correct. Go to *List of APIs added* > Select an API > *API details*, and confirm the URL.
```

> . The URL provided for each APIs is correct. Go to *List of APIs added* > Select an API > *API details*, and confirm the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The URL provided for each APIs is correct. Go to *List of APIs added* > *Select an API* > *API details*, and confirm the URL.
```

> . You xref:runtime-manager::to-request-vpc-connectivity.adoc[request connection] for any of your APIs that run on standalone instances that aren’t connected to Anypoint VPC.

Reviewer: This is not clear to me.

> . You xref:runtime-manager::to-request-vpc-connectivity.adoc[request connection] for any of your APIs that run on standalone instances that aren’t connected to Anypoint VPC.

Author: ```suggestion
. You xref:runtime-manager::to-request-vpc-connectivity.adoc[must request connections] for any of your APIs that run on standalone instances that aren’t connected to Anypoint VPC.
```

. You check the `extensions` section of the error message for any details that may be useful in troubleshooting the error. 

=== Other Runtime Errors

* Can't prettify an invalid query 
+
If you attempt to prettify an invalid query, DataGraph generates a syntax error. To resolve the issue, correct the syntax and then prettify the query. 

* Invalid action error 
+
If you perform an action in the DataGraph editor that creates an invalid schema, DataGraph generates an error. If you believe the action is valid, contact MuleSoft support.  

== Troubleshooting Schema Errors

If you encounter runtime errors when attempting to generate an API schema, troubleshoot them as follows.

=== Potential Errors When Generating an API Schema

When you add a new API to your unified schema, Anypoint DataGraph generates an API schema for it. However, not all features of an API specification are successfully generated into an API schema.

Anypoint DataGraph does not translate the following parts of an API specification into an API schema:

* Requests with a `Media type` value other than `application/json`
* Responses with a `Media type` value other than `application/json`

> * Response payloads with any of the unsupported types `Schema`, `File`, `Tuple`, `Matrix`, `Nil`, or arrays of any of these types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Response payloads with any of the unsupported types `Schema`, `File`, `Tuple`, `Matrix`, `Nil`, or arrays of any of the types
```

> * `query params` and `headers` with types other than scalars or scalar array

Reviewer: The terms scalars and array are inconsistent here.

Use scalar and array or
scalars and arrays

> * `query params` and `headers` with types other than scalars or scalar array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `query params` and `headers` with types other than scalars or scalar arrays
```

Reviewer: I am not sure if my edit is correct.

* Endpoints of required `params` of unsupported types
* `union` types with members other than `objects` and `nils`
* JSON schema keywords `if`, `then`, and `else`

> If your API specification is composed of only unsupported parts, Anypoint DataGraph does not generate an API schema and throws a *Validation failed* error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your API specification is composed of only unsupported parts, Anypoint DataGraph does not generate an API schema and throws a `Validation failed` error.
```

== Troubleshooting Errors When Adding, Updating, or Promoting APIs

> If you encounter errors when adding, updating, or promoting APIs, troubleshoot them as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter errors when adding, updating, or promoting APIs, troubleshoot them as follows:
```

* Two users updated an environment at the same time error
+
If two users attempt to update an environment at the same time, DataGraph generates an error for one of the users. If you receive the error, wait for any updates to complete and again.

* Issue with action performed while editing an API error
+

> If you receive such an error, try adding the API without editing to see if the edit actions created the problem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive this error, try adding the API without editing to see if the edit actions created the problem. 
```

* Not enough capacity to deploy error
+
DataGraph generates this error if your environment does not have the capacity available to create the unified schema. If you receive this error, request more capacity from your admin, or ask your operator to redistribute capacity within the organization.

== Troubleshooting mTLS Errors

> If you encounter mTLS errors, troubleshoot them as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter mTLS errors, troubleshoot them as follows:
```

* Uploading a file that cannot be read error
+
This errors indicates that you uploaded a certificate file that is not in `.pem` format. Ensure the file is a valid `.pem` file and upload it again. 

* Trying to validate an invalid keystore error
+
DataGraph generates this error if the private key or password does not match the certificate. Ensure the private key and certificate match or confirm the password. 

* Issue with TLS error 
+
This error occurs when trying to configure mTLS for an API that you’ve added to the unified schema. To troubleshoot this issue, add the API without configuring mTLS to determine if there is a problem with your TLS files. 

== Troubleshooting Access Errors

> If you encounter errors when trying to access DataGraph, troubleshoot them as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter errors when trying to access DataGraph, troubleshoot them as follows:
```

* Access request not approved yet error
+
If you encounter this error, request access from your admin.

* Unauthorized error
+
If you encounter this error, request authorization from your admin.

* Too many requests error
+
DataGraph generates this error if you attempt too many requests. In this case, wait some time and try your request again. 

== Troubleshooting Server Errors

> If you encounter server errors, troubleshoot them as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter server errors, troubleshoot them as follows:
```

> * Server error when creating policies, contracts, tiers, and grant types: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Server error when creating policies, contracts, tiers, and grant types
```
